clearly yoko rusa and hello everyone with you what
my today we will unpack
package from china
here we have come for sneakers for 3
dollars with glowing went on
package wrapped about a month was bold
5 dollars weighs 700 grams
let's open
Guy told her younger brother so
on the glass do not learn
lu bu was an act
secrets
size 39 island x they are us now
pressing
Now we will understand how to include here
and here it’s easier to take a chart
we will find now
in general, the guys burst completely
get-togethers lucky yusbi cord on
micro usb
here and some piece of paper here
beautiful written see for yourself
Beauty here is a button that's how these
they net red color then blue such
green purple or pink like him
this type of turquoise yellow and yellow is
was golden white and that type of flashing
red
Simka such sneakers
cool
in general, he will give a video
thumb up subscribe to my channel
thanks for seeing you again and so
like sneakers fun hours off
look at the light